README.md, before:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Liam Loeffel!

Welcome to my GitHub profile! Here you'll find a showcase of my projects, and skills. I'm passionate about building innovative solutions, collaborating with talented developers, and constantly learning new technologies.

---

## 🚀 About Me

- 🌱 Lifelong learner, always exploring new ideas and tech trends
- 🤝 Love to collaborate and share knowledge

---

## 🛠️ Skills

- Programming Languages: `C`, `C++`, `TypeScript`, `Python`
- Frameworks & Tools: `React`, `Next.js`, `Node.js`, `Docker`, `Git`
- Specialties: Full-stack development, Networking

---

## 📦 Featured Projects

- [My Website](https://github.com/wafflesLL/my-website): On this site I display my portfolio and my ability to use modern frameworks like Next.js
- [Glasses For Good (frontend)](https://github.com/wafflesLL/gfgfrontend): Here is the frontend of a project that I is still in its planning phase

---

## 🌐 Connect with Me

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/liam-loeffel/)
- [Personal Website](https://www.liamloeffel.com/)

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

![wafflesLL's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=wafflesLL&show_icons=true&hide_title=true&theme=github_dark)

---

## 💻 My Personal Interests

- I am an avid gym lover, and go to work out 3-4 times a week (it would be higher volume but I am in school)
- I also love a VIM workflow programming. Sometimes it is easier to work out of Visual Studio Code, but I still use the VIM motions in VS Code and even use the Vimium Extension in my browser since switching between a code space and using browser tabs can often be difficult workspace transitions i prefer to use the same movement accross my entire workflow. My neovim configuration is available [here](https://github.com/wafflesLL/nvim) I do not update it as often as I used to but since I use it so often, it should be updated to work with the latest dependencies within a few days of updates
- I also enjoy hiking and though I have not been able to do as much during my time in college, I still want to do at least one trip a year in order to fully disconnect from the rapid pace world we all live in just for a little bit.

----

_Thanks for visiting! Let's build something amazing together._

Commit message:

Revise project description for 'Glasses For Good'
Updated project status for 'Glasses For Good' to reflect development phase.

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Liam Loeffel!

Welcome to my GitHub profile! Here you'll find a showcase of my projects, and skills. I'm passionate about building innovative solutions, collaborating with talented developers, and constantly learning new technologies.

---

## 🚀 About Me

- 🌱 Lifelong learner, always exploring new ideas and tech trends
- 🤝 Love to collaborate and share knowledge

---

## 🛠️ Skills

- Programming Languages: `C`, `C++`, `TypeScript`, `Python`
- Frameworks & Tools: `React`, `Next.js`, `Node.js`, `Docker`, `Git`
- Specialties: Full-stack development, Networking

---

## 📦 Featured Projects

- [My Website](https://github.com/wafflesLL/my-website): On this site I display my portfolio and my ability to use modern frameworks like Next.js
- [Glasses For Good (frontend)](https://github.com/wafflesLL/gfgfrontend) [Glasses For Good (backend)](https://github.com/wafflesLL/gfgbackend): Here is the frontend and backend of a project that is now in the development phase

---

## 🌐 Connect with Me

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/liam-loeffel/)
- [Personal Website](https://www.liamloeffel.com/)

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

![wafflesLL's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=wafflesLL&show_icons=true&hide_title=true&theme=github_dark)

---

## 💻 My Personal Interests

- I am an avid gym lover, and go to work out 3-4 times a week (it would be higher volume but I am in school)
- I also love a VIM workflow programming. Sometimes it is easier to work out of Visual Studio Code, but I still use the VIM motions in VS Code and even use the Vimium Extension in my browser since switching between a code space and using browser tabs can often be difficult workspace transitions i prefer to use the same movement accross my entire workflow. My neovim configuration is available [here](https://github.com/wafflesLL/nvim) I do not update it as often as I used to but since I use it so often, it should be updated to work with the latest dependencies within a few days of updates
- I also enjoy hiking and though I have not been able to do as much during my time in college, I still want to do at least one trip a year in order to fully disconnect from the rapid pace world we all live in just for a little bit.

----

_Thanks for visiting! Let's build something amazing together._
